# PDXNode Organizer's Meeting 05/16/18

## Attendees
* obensource
* Kyle
* Nathan
* Michelle
* Nic

## Topics
* Using HackMD to take these notes
* Last presentation night debrief
    * Alchemy Code Lab space
        * Good projector setup
        * Handful of attendees come early 
    * Sam did a great job MCing
    * Nic's JS Jeopardy was great!
    
### Presentation Night
* Need speakers
* Reach out to Sarah Joy https://twitter.com/superissarah she expressed interest in presenting
* Look into Kent C Dodds for July because he's in town for a workshop
* We'll continue meeting at Alchemy Code Lab

### Hack Night
* Going well
### Workshop / Hackathon
* Nodebots http://nodebots.io/ July 28?
    * What do we need to host one of these?
### Current Needs
* Wireless mic system
### Website
* What needs doing with the website?
    * Adding projects that people can work on
        * system for organizing and prodiving talk metadata
        * continuous integration

### Sponsors
* Need book/prize sponsorship for quiz prizes
* Sponsorship for the meetup charges
    * Can meetup be paid year at a time?
    * Chris said Mocha might be willing to cover this
* Provide Kyle feedback on his sponsorship pitch letter
    * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i5xVrc_TtuVMhQNkL-1XWjJmQbsetLrs_ShoWxUQunw/edit?usp=sharing
