# PDXNode Organizer's Meeting 08/15/18

## Attendees
* obensource
* Kyle
* Michelle
* Nathan

## Topics
* We have hardware! 
    * Donated by Dan Shaw
    * Microcontrollers/Arduino etc.
    * Owned by PDXNode
    * Renting a locker at Hackerspace for storage
* Last Presentation Night
    * All lightning talks
    * Went really well, people were interested in speaking again
    * Having signs to show speaker remaining time was helpful
    * We talked about doing this once a quarter maybe
* Speakers to reach out to
    * Scott Hanselman -- wants to talk about his opensource diabetes monitor project 
    * Suz Hinton -- Johnny5, find a time she's in Portland
* Issue with Videos being reuploaded by FreeCodeCamp
    * Kyle has been in communication and has proposed that they add links back to our channel
    
### Presentation Night
* Ben reaching out to Substack, Suz, Scott, and other folks.
* Other speaker is lined up already

### Hack Night
* New hardwareâ€“need a crash course on EE at hacknight before getting folks started.
    * Inventory what hardware we have so we know what we need to cover
    * Kyle can work on this

### Workshop / Hackathon
* October Hacktoberfest
    * Workshop kind of like NodeBots day
    * Ben speak about contributing to Node
    * Michelle planning with Women Who Code Open Source Study Night
* Maybe later this year or next year
    * Series of workshops on launching node apps in collaboration with the following companies:
        * DigitalOcean - December. Michelle can set up and hand over.
        * Netlify
        * Heroku

### Current Needs
* Michelle send out member email for hacknight hardware
* Kyle write a electronics basics guide
* Kyle - Set up KeePass to share passwords around
    * Take advantage of TweetDeck teams?
* Talk to Chris about what the status of pdxnode.org is with Tracy

### Website / GitHub Repo
* We have an open issue sitting in our repo. Can we close this for now?
* As we are starting to get more traffic on our github (or at least more people talking about having looked at it) are the people in the organization up to date?
* Can we create a page in the repo (or tell me some where else to keep it!) that tracks which volunteers we will have at events? I want visibility in to who is going to be at events, and maybe this will add some accountability. I really want to know ahead of time who is going to be at hacknights and who is ordering / picking up pizza so that I don't have to do it last minute. I have been, but I won't be able to any more (new job / apartment)
* Repo Update: I think we need to update the roles/responsibilities.
* Add youtube link to boost visibility. Took me a while to find it!
* Update videos to include most recent talks

### Sponsors
* We lost jetbrains because people are not redeeming the codes we give out :(
* Michelle has ALOT of books donated from OSCON that we need to start giving out
* O'Rielly is willing to donate more books and maybe safarionline codes down the road
* GitKraken wants to sponsor again (but we need a paypal to get money from them)
