# PDXNode Organizer's Meeting 05/16/18

## People on Call:
* Ben
* Nathan
* Michael (Cole) = "Michael"
* Sam
* Martin
* Faddah
* Jordan
* Michael (Miguel) = "Miguel"
    
## Getting access:
* Gitter organizer channel, GitHub: collected GitHub handles, emails
    - Handed out admin access to GitHub org
    Applicability of remainder varies:
* opencollective handles the money.
    - Carter wants to sponsor PDXNode
    - Sam, Nick added, others might be removed
* NameCheap - domain management
    - Adding Miguel
    - Do we want to move site off GitHub Pages?
* Secure password/access sharing: KeyBase? LastPass?
* Gmail
    - Used by the Slides account *seriously, how many of these have we got?*
* Meetup for events. Will add people.
* Twitter - not discussed.

## Events

* Carter on July 11th 
    - *Ben sends the confirmation email. Everyone hug Ben.*
    - Karaoke with Carter if he shows up.
* Who wants Hack Nights?
    - Sam, Jordan have helped, it's a bit far
* Sam taking point on next meeting?
* Vague ideas for subsequent?
* Create a google sheet for organizer availability, or RSVP through meetup channel?
* NodeBots Day in August - Jordan is on it (location/sponsor). Martin, ___ helping
    - Have all the equipment

## Future
* Nag over Gitter
* More meetings?
* Ideas for getting sponsors, best use of funds (more NodeBots equipment? other resources?)
